Improving Documentation (#175)
Impostor/Impostor: docs/Server-configuration.md

## Options

> ### Required Server Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Required Server Configuration
```

| Key | Default | Description |
|-|-|-|

> | **PublicIp** | `127.0.0.1` | This needs to the public IPv4 address of the server which you give to others to connect. You can find your IPv4 address [on this website](http://whatismyip.host/). **Unless you are only planning to use Impostor privately, on your local network, you should change this to your public ip. You can still set this to "0.0.0.0" or your private ip (can be obtained by running `ipconfig` in the command prompt) if you are only using Impostor on your local network, or you are using a VPS.** Is also possible to use hostnames instead of IPv4 addresses, which will be resolved to IPv4 addresses. |

Reviewer 2: What? You can NOT set this to `0.0.0.0`. `0.0.0.0` does not resolve to anything locally. Entire bold sentence reads very weird.

Author: In VPSes it can actually work. Since 0.0.0.0 resolves to all interfaces, if one has the ip set as the public one, there isnt any problem at all. But yes I can remove the bold

Reviewer 2: Are you kidding me..? This would be fine for `ListenIp` but this is `PublicIp`. `PublicIp` is sent to the clients that try to connect to a public game in the game browser. `0.0.0.0` is not a valid PUBLIC ip address.

Author: Done removed... (*but it hella works*)

> | **PublicIp** | `127.0.0.1` | This needs to the IPv4 address of the server, what you give to others to connect. You can find the your IPv4 address [here](http://whatismyip.host/). **Unless you are not exposing this machine to anyone (either privately, in your local network or publicly, in the internet.) You should change this to your public ip. You can still set this to your private ip or "0.0.0.0" (the one you get on `ipconfig`) if you are only exposing this in your local network or you are using a VPS.** Since 1.2.2 it is also possible to use hostnames instead of IPv4 addresses, these must resolve to a valid IPv4 address. |
> | **PublicPort** | `22023` | The public port of the server, what you give to others to connect. (**This is the external port you set within the router when portforwarding.**) Usually `22023`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **PublicIp** | `127.0.0.1` | This needs to the public IPv4 address of the server which you give to others to connect. You can find your IPv4 address [on this website](http://whatismyip.host/). **Unless you are only planning to use Impostor privately, on your local network, you should change this to your public ip. You can still set this to "0.0.0.0" or your private ip (can be obtained by running `ipconfig` in the command prompt) if you are only using Impostor on your local network, or you are using a VPS.** Is also possible to use hostnames instead of IPv4 addresses, which will be resolved to IPv4 addresses. |
| **PublicPort** | `22023` | The public port of the server which you give to others to connect. (**This is the external port you configure on your router when port forwarding.**) Usually `22023`. |
```

| **ListenIp** | `0.0.0.0` | The network interface to listen on. If you do not know what to put here, use `0.0.0.0`. Since 1.2.2 it is also possible to use hostnames instead of IPv4 addresses, these must resolve to a valid IPv4 address. |
| **ListenPort** | `22023` | The listen port of the server, usually `22023`. |

### AntiCheat

| Key | Default | Value |
|-|-|-|

> | **BanIpFromGame** | `true` | When a player is caught hacking, he will be kicked from the server. If this value is set to `true`, the player will also be banned and can not rejoin that specific game. (Setting this to false does not disable anticheat) |

Reviewer: they* instead of he

Author: In my defense. that ain't my error

> | **BanIpFromGame** | `true` | When a player is caught hacking, they will be kicked from the server. If this value is set to `true`, the player will also be banned and can not rejoin that specific game. (Setting this to false does not disable anticheat) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **BanIpFromGame** | `true` | When a player is caught hacking, they will be kicked from the server. If this value is set to `true`, the player will be banned instead and will not be able to rejoin that specific game. **(Setting this to false does not disable the anti-cheat!)** |
```
